    本次练习不提供创建模式和添加数据的文件，你可以直接写出SQL语句，也可以自己创建模式、添加数据后再写SQL语句。
1. Write the following inserts, deletes or updates in SQL, using the university schema. 
 a. Increase the salary of each instructor in the Comp. Sci. department by 10%. 
 b. Delete all courses that have never been offered (that is, do not occur in the section relation). 
 c. Insert every student whose tot_cred attribute is greater than 100 as an instructor in the same department, with a salary of $10,000. 
 d. create a new course "CS-001", titled with "Weekly Seminar", with 0 credits. 
 e. Create a section of this course in Fall 2009, with sec_id of 1. 
 f. Enroll every student in the Comp. Sci. department in the above section. 
 g. Delete enrollments in the above section where the student's name is Chavez. 
 h. Delete the course CS-101. What will happen if you run this delete statement without first deleting offerings (sections) of this course. 
 i. Delete all takes tuples corresponding to any section of any course with the word "database" as a part of the title; ignore case when matching the word with the title. 
2. Consider the following employee database： 
  employee(employee_name, street, city) 
  works(employee_name, company_name, salary) 
  company(company_name, city) 
  manages(employee_name, manager_name) 
  
   Give an expression in SQL for each of the following queries. 
 a. Find the names and cities of residence of all employees who work for "First Bank Corporation". 
 b. Find the names, street addresses, and cities of residence of all employee who works for "First Bank Corporation" and earn more than $10,000. 
 c. Find all employees in the database who do not work for "First Bank Corporation". 
 d. Find all employees in the database who earn more than each employee of "Small Bank Corporation". 
 e. Assume that the companies may be located in several cities. Find all companies located in every city in which "Small Bank Corporation" is located. 
 f. Find the company that has the most employees. 
 g. Find those companies whose employees earn a higher salary, on average, than the average salary at "First Bank Corporation".
